feat: adding date formatter project for new JS curriculum (#52088)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-the-date-object-by-building-a-date-formatter/65387b440b5cb1aa35585820.md

---
id: 65387b440b5cb1aa35585820
title: Step 3
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-3
---

# --description--

> In JavaScript, there are a number of built-in <dfn>constructors</dfn> that create objects. A constructor is like a regular function, but starts with a capital letter, and is used with the `new` operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, there are several built-in <dfn>constructors</dfn> that generate objects. A constructor is similar to a regular function but begins with a capital letter and is used in combination with the `new` operator.
```
